* Hey Monika *
Yup
It's time for another week of
لوووااايييي (shortcut to Joomla in the last week I asked you)
I saw the things you gave
Your content
And I have questions
Fill the lead !!
Let's see what you've published this week
I think if there is any
Mames regarding the chair
And yes you recently
Yes, I recently got out of prison
You are right!!
Who will win ?? !!
I have a better graphics system
But can you do this ??
* Raya *
We barely started
Logan Paul publishes video .. The body of a dead man appears
YouTube puts it in its common rules
Biodepay posted a video response of 15 seconds
Who does not show any body! ... violates our Terms of Service
I will not ask YouTube
To save them ...
Biased
While in fact
People are re-publishing the Logon Paul video
Their videos have been deleted
And reporting
One stroke, however
Logon Ball video has been approved
And has no specific age
This is not bias
This is just ... Ummm ...
The...
Aa ...
just me...
I'm just happy that YouTube keeps you ... Umm .. you know ..
The same rules for all ...
That's logical ...
Sounds fair to me
I
Certain
Logon Paul, "Mystery"
It will be canceled as my program has been canceled.
With that
Media attention comes
Someone touched my idea ...
Although I have seen these mimics (sarcastic) in many times
In many places, I have seen in
Twitter
Someone touched my spaghetti !!
I'm laughing
You lose
You just can not hold yourself
I have to admit ... that Mimaz is really wonderful
You are a group you learn
And you improve
Such as artificial intelligence
You can learn well
My heart is resting
an exercise...
When someone touches your spaghetti ..
I bear all the terrible things to become in life
sexual harassment
killing...
But when someone touches your spaghetti ...
Here you have to stand and use your voice
Someone touched my spaghetti !!
Ethan and Post have done it before you ...
Curse..
Oooh really ... but can you do this ???
Haha .. I do not think this !!
Learn the difference ...
This chair is highly qualified
Chair with $ 399
How much you pay for your purchases from Apple
Surprisingly this wonderful chair is inexpensive?
is not it??
O hypocrites
Duki Duki from Real Life
She opened the door quietly
No
I feel that we will see these mimics (sarcastic image) for a long time
2018 is a good start to ... oh .. the door rings ..
...
Excuse me until I open the door
I do not need it now
Hi ... I explain this, YouTube
Why do you touch my spaghetti ??
The reason for this is
that's cool..
I loved the design so I painted my nails with the same design
Really wonderful
You know .. it is a high quality design
By Beyodipaye (meaning himself)
Do you see a chair?
...
It's 399
you're welcome
If Felix and Marzia (his girlfriend) did not agree, I think I found the right girl for the bodibay
Why
For she has a hammer, O congregation
Wonderful
It's definitely Brad
How to Speak with Short People
Right
Hi Marzia (girlfriend) I want to talk to you (meaning it's short)
Note that you are in the middle of the video and you do not know what to talk about because you are looking at the LED light for seven minutes continuously
It's good to know that my channel is full of intellectuals
Who are not only distracted by flashing lights
I'm trying to post a good message for 2017
And you "Oh see! Shine!"
who will win
A broad boy
Or a long boy
Oh really
But can a broad boy do this?
I hope that one day my back will break and this will be the last video
on the Internet
Well, we have a lot more important
Someone touched the spaghetti
Yeah
You know what, I can do it if you want
I won a people's medal in 2017
Number six in the most sought after
Awa Gifts
Number seven on twenty ???????
The most popular
This is true, group
YouTube's favorite program is confirmed
Luwaiyi Luwaiaye
Much better than YIAY
In any case
I can not even say it because it's a bad name
I do not know how you came up with a terrible name that is not authentic
Loi is the undisputed hero
Thanks
I do not feel comfortable when I let other people do things to me so far
Achieves billions and millions by letting fans do their work
Does not modify its videos
Imagine killing yourself and Logon Paul is the one who finds your body
I will kill myself again
But can you do this ??
this is good
Beat it well
Anytime you lose a discussion in anything
If I realize - damn - I will definitely use my Trump card. can you do this??
Good joking jokes
Someone hang himself, I was very sad about it
But the total views in my channel increased
Mimiz! Their taste is delicious!
Like .. Spaghett someone!
When you go from being the most hated Utopar in the Internet to the 2 most hated Utopar in the Internet
Spaghetti !!!
Men, women, disabled, Biodepay
Curse
400 $
Only 399
Smile ; Sweet ; Sister; Sadie; * Suicide * Oh no
Oh no
Why do you think?
Lui Luo, Lui
Lowe
Thank you for being yourself without making #Biodebay #Brovest
This is wonderful, very good
Smile; sweet; sister; Sadie; Surprise ; service
Someone touched spaghetti !!
I learned that
Does anyone else learn math in elementary school?
We had these special kids in the classroom
I respect the ladies after all that is a nice person in Yodebay, of course of course
I am a nice little boy
I am one of the top 10 nice ones if there is a list of 10 nice boidebay kids I will be in the first 10
Top Ten
Darling i need some money. Not the hell
This picture is very bad
Curse
Not the hell
This is a true Christian Christian content
Yeah
YouTube rules are not broken
No
If published, he will not be deprived of the value of the official payment
This is my logic
Publish
Denial of official payment values
Yeah! Yeah! Deal!!
Very annoying
It's like everything is good. I'm just snapping this out now, I'm definitely hoping nothing is going wrong
How are you guys my name is Biodebay and welcome to Lwaiyi
Oh my God
This is a good m
anyway
This was another week of Spaghett
Remember to send your jokes in Pewdiepie subreddit offers
It's the greatest subreddit all the time
This literally repeat this week with 20,000 this madness
The jokes improve, I will not lie, the jokes improve
Well, we need a chair more
I mean less chair jokes and more original content. Ali Who is joking? This will never happen
Thank you for watching Leave a favor if you enjoyed